You learn from each other
It's just that this door mainly made it clear in advance
click until
Who dares to violate the rules?
The door owner is gone
Just sparring
Less lottery
What do you think?
The once-in-a-decade Hundred Doors Dance is about to begin
My original door
So far, there is still a lack of a chief disciple to lead the team
It's better to take this as a prize
I agree with the Lord's proposal
Good apprentice, how about you?
Chief or not, I don't care.
It's just what Brother Li wants
Then I want good too
Would like to settle this
The winner is my chief disciple of Yuan Men
The Lord is wise
Cut the crap
See you in the first five
Kiss you and shine in the original gate martial election
Even the Yan chapter with the loudest voice before
The limelight of the fairy has been crushed by you. Humph
Are you afraid that I will be in this Yan Wuchang?
Also stole your limelight
No no no I just want to tell you
The contempt among the disciples
It's not the kind of small fight that was originally impossible
heard
You have slashed the Decepticons in the original door stunt
Reached the point of perfection
It's not perfect.
Just the limelight of killing wild boys
Still believe in teenagers
I want to tell you too
Something you are proud of
Not worth mentioning at all in my eyes
I declare an exchange
Official start